da vinci (#9094)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/message_personalization/dynamic_content/movable_ink/da_vinci.md

---
title: "Movable Ink Da Vinci"
article_title: Movable Ink Da Vinci
alias: "/partners/movable_ink_da_vinci/"
description: "The Braze and Movable Ink Da Vinci integration empowers brands to deliver highly personalized messaging by leveraging Da Vinci's AI-driven content decisioning engine. Da Vinci curates the most relevant content for each user and seamlessly deploys messages through Braze."
page_type: partner
search_tag: Partner

---

# Movable Ink Da Vinci

> The Braze and Movable Ink [Da Vinci](https://movableink.com/da-vinci) integration empowers brands to deliver highly personalized messaging by leveraging Da Vinci’s AI-driven content decisioning engine. Da Vinci curates the most relevant content for each user and seamlessly deploys messages through Braze.

## Prerequisites

| Requirement | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| Movable Ink Da Vinci | A Movable Ink Da Vinci account is required to take advantage of this partnership. |
| Braze Currents - Message Engagement Events | A Braze Custom Currents Export is required to send message engagement event data to Movable Ink. |

> | Braze REST API key | A Braze REST API key with `messages.send`, `sends.id.create`, and `campaigns.details` permissions is required. This can be created in the Braze dashboard from **Settings*** > **API Keys**. <br><br>Movable Ink account team to provide more setup instructions directly, see [Integration](#integration) section.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Braze REST API key | A Braze REST API key with `messages.send`, `sends.id.create`, and `campaigns.details` permissions is required. This can be created in the Braze dashboard from **Settings*** > **API Keys**. <br><br>Your Movable Ink account team will provide more setup instructions directly. Refer to the [Integration](#integration) section.|
```
